[docs] Document automatic HTTPS certificate generation for non-.NET AppHosts (#1355)
microsoft/aspire.dev: src/frontend/src/content/docs/app-host/certificate-configuration.mdx

The preferred way to manage the development certificate is to use the [Aspire CLI](/get-started/install-cli/). When you run `aspire run`, the CLI automatically ensures the development certificate is created and trusted. No additional manual steps are required.

For non-C# AppHosts (such as [TypeScript AppHosts](/app-host/typescript-apphost/)), the `dotnet` first-run experience that normally creates the HTTPS development certificate doesn't run. The Aspire CLI handles this automatically: when `aspire run` starts a non-C# AppHost in non-interactive mode and no HTTPS development certificate exists, the CLI generates one. If generation fails, a warning is displayed but the run continues.

> 

Author: Good catch on both points. Fixed in d2cb68c9:

- Reworded to **non-.NET** AppHosts (TypeScript, Python, etc.) instead of `non-C#`, matching the source change (microsoft/aspire#17454).
- Reconciled the conflict with the `created and trusted` line above. It now spells out the two paths: interactive sessions (and Linux, where trust needs no prompt) create *and* trust the cert, while non-interactive sessions on macOS/Windows only generate it (no Keychain/Windows trust dialog available) and warn if generation fails.

Also converted the bash/PowerShell opt-out to `OsAwareTabs` per our doc conventions.

> For non-.NET AppHosts (such as [TypeScript AppHosts](/app-host/typescript-apphost/)), the `dotnet` first-run experience that normally creates the HTTPS development certificate does not run. The Aspire CLI handles this automatically: when `aspire run` starts a non-.NET AppHost in non-interactive mode and no HTTPS development certificate exists, the CLI generates one. If generation fails, a warning is displayed but the run continues.

Author: ```suggestion
For non-C# AppHosts (such as [TypeScript AppHosts](/app-host/typescript-apphost/)), the `dotnet` first-run experience that normally creates the HTTPS development certificate doesn't run. The Aspire CLI handles this automatically: when `aspire run` starts a non-C# AppHost in non-interactive mode and no HTTPS development certificate exists, the CLI generates one. If generation fails, a warning is displayed but the run continues.
```
